Add OpenShift templates (#59)
vshn/appcat-user-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/getting-started.adoc

[source,bash]
$ oc get appcat $service-name -oyaml

== Via OpenShift Console

You can also find the VSHN AppCat services in the OpenShift catalog.

. Login to an APPUiO Cloud zone or an APPUiO Managed cluster

. Open the OpenShift Console in your project and click on `+Add`
+
image::project.png[]

. Click on `All Services` on the right side
+
image::developercatalog.png[]

. Navigate to databases -> Postgre to see all available PostgreSQL services.
+
image::developercatalog-details.png[]

> . In this example there's PostgreSQL by VSHN and by Exoscale that belong to the AppCat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In this example, there are PostgreSQL by VSHN and by Exoscale that belong to AppCat.
```

+
image::pgoverview.png[]

. By clicking on one of the available services, a more detailed page will be shown.

> There's also a link to the documentation of that specific service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is also a link to the documentation of that specific service.
```

+
image::pgdetails.png[]

. `Instantiate Template` brings up a wizard, were some variables for the AppCat service can be customized.

> For more options please consult the AppCat service's documentation.

Author: Should we add a link to the general AppCat doc?

> For more options please consult the AppCat service's documentation.

Reviewer: yes, I think so. 
I find it useful when mentioning something to have a direct link to it, so that the person does not need to search.
